
Welcome to Reversi. You will play as the black pieces against the computer.
Reference the game manual to set up the game board using the bitmap display before running the program.
Good luck!

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): e3
Your last move was: e3
AI's last move was: D3

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): c4
Your last move was: c4
AI's last move was: F3

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): f2
Your last move was: f2
AI's last move was: B4

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): c3
Your last move was: c3
AI's last move was: B3

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): a4
Your last move was: a4
AI's last move was: B5

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): b2
Your last move was: b2
AI's last move was: B1

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): a1
Your last move was: a1
AI's last move was: C2

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): c1
Your last move was: c1
AI's last move was: F6

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): g7
Your last move was: g7
AI's last move was: A2

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): a3
Your last move was: a3
AI's last move was: C5

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): a5
Your last move was: a5
AI's last move was: H8

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): f4
Your last move was: f4
AI's last move was: C6

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): c7
Your last move was: c7
AI's last move was: A6

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): d2
Your last move was: d2
AI's last move was: C8

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): d7
Your last move was: d7
AI's last move was: E2

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): f1
Your last move was: f1
AI's last move was: B7

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): a8
Your last move was: a8
AI's last move was: G3

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): h3
Your last move was: h3
AI's last move was: E1

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): d1
Your last move was: d1
AI's last move was: A7

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): f5
Your last move was: f5
AI's last move was: G2

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): h1
Your last move was: h1
AI's last move was: G5

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): h5
Your last move was: h5
AI's last move was: E6

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): e7
Your last move was: e7
AI's last move was: F7

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): f8
Your last move was: f8
AI's last move was: G4

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): h5
Your last move was: h5
Illegal move. The chosen coordinate is occupied. Please retry.

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): h4
Your last move was: h4
AI's last move was: G6

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): e8
Your last move was: e8
AI's last move was: G1

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): h6
Your last move was: h6
AI's last move was: H7

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): g2
Your last move was: g2
Illegal move. The chosen coordinate is occupied. Please retry.

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): h2
Your last move was: h2
AI's last move was: B6

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): b2
Your last move was: b2
Illegal move. The chosen coordinate is occupied. Please retry.

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): b8
Your last move was: b8
AI's last move was: D6

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): d8
Your last move was: d8Black has no more step, turn to White

Please enter a board coordinate (starting with a letter): g8
Your last move was: g8Game Over, Score is Black 53 : White 11
User wins!